= v4.0.0

* Switched to Ruby 1.9 syntax.
* Applied updated Gemsmith specs.
* Upgraded to the Thor+ gem and applied related enhancements.
* Removed periods from account name output.

= v3.4.0

* Fixed bug with simple database imports where dropping and recreating the database was not part of the process.
* Removed the unused namespace placeholder.
* Renamed the database_settings method to load_database_settings.
* Changed /latest.dump to be /db/archive.dump (matched DB gem behavior now).
* Added the db -t option for transferring a database backup from one app to another.

= v3.3.0

* Fixed stack dump with backing up, destroying, and switching accounts.
* Set the default mode to "stage" when mode switching and no argument is supplied.
* Added Current Account Files header to hp -a -f command.
* Removed redundant use of specialized console output and replaced with Thor actions instead.
* Added the -e (edit) option for easily tweaking settings via default editor.
* Added the db --reset option, default options for PostgreSQL restore, and removed excess db restore options that were not necessary.

= v3.2.0

* Fixed bug with default settings not loading when heroku_plus.yml settings file is missing.
* Added the a new database import mode (i.e. db -I) that does a full backup, import, and migration of the remote to local database.
* Added current mode to print when displaying available modes.
* Added a new account files option (i.e. -a -f) for listing current account file information.
* Removed credential and SSH file information from account info.
* Upgraded Heroku gem requirements to version 2.0.0 and greater.
* Renamed the suppress_switch_warnings setting to skip_switch_warnings. 

= v3.1.0

* Fixed description display with command options.
* Fixed the Ruby version requirement (namely Ruby 1.8.7) so that it is no longer required.
* Added account switching warnings - You can suppress these warnings via the heroku_plus.yml settings (see README).
* Added printing of current account information after switching modes.
* Added printing of current account information after switching accounts.
* Added graceful capture for bad URI exception when attempting to import a backup database that doesn't exist.
* Moved mode management to a first level option (i.e. mode, -m). The original migrate (-m) option is now a sub-option of db.
* Added the ability to pass a new mode to the mode (-m) option. Optional, of course. Defaults to listing available modes.
* Cleaned up sub-option descriptions.

= v3.0.0

* Refactored the gem to use Thor instead of OptionParser for command line option parsing.
* All account specific commands have been become options of the "account" option. Type "hp help account" for usage.
* All database specific commands have been become options of "db" option. Type "hp help db" for usage.

= v2.0.0

* Fixed bug with not being able to wrap complex commands in quotes for passing to Heroku (i.e. -p).
* Fixed version requirements for Heroku 1.x.x gem.
* Added the -c, --console option for opening the remote console.
* Added the -r, --restart option for restarting the remote server.
* Added the -M, --mode option for changing mode of current app.
* Added the -I, --import option for importing the latest remote data into local database.
* Renamed the -b option to -B.
* Renamed the -d option to -D.
* Renamed the key "current_mode" to "mode" for the heroku_plus.yml settings file.

= v1.3.0

* Updated the README.
* Switched to Bundler for building/packing of gem.
* Fixed stack dump when obtaining git config app information.
* Added soft version requirements for Ruby 1.8.7.
* Added soft version requirements for Heroku 1.0.0.
* Renamed the "herokup" command to "hp".
* Renamed the settings.yml file to heroku_plus.yml.
* Renamed the "ssh_identity" key to "ssh_id" in the heroku_plus.yml file.
* Added the "current_mode" key to the heroku_plus.yml file. Defaults to "stage".

= v1.1.0

* Improved error messaging for files that do not exist.
* Clarified the difference between the error messages displayed when switching SSH identities versus switching Heroku account credentials.
* Clarified source and README documentation.
* Renamed the -a option to -i (i.e. info) instead.
* Added printing of SSH private and public identity paths (to further clarify what is being used) when using the the -i option.
* Prominently display the current account when displaying all account information via the -i option.
* Added the -b option so one can easily backup an existing Heroku credentials and SSH identity.
* Added the -d option so one can easily destroy an existing Heroku account (i.e. credentials and SSH identity)
* Added the -l option so one can easily list all existing Heroku accounts.
* Removed the ability to configure the Heroku credentials file name via the settings.yml since you can't configure this via the Heroku gem anyway.

= v1.0.0

* Initial version.
